Lisa doesn't like to swear, but she swore
loudly when she fell and has sworn to be
more careful.
At the lake, campers swim every day.
Lisa swam for hours yesterday and has
swum in many lakes before.
Children swing on the playground.
They swung high this morning and have
swung there all week.
The camp counselors teach various skills.
Mike taught archery yesterday and has
taught many classes this summer.
During craft time, Lisa accidentally
tears her paper.
She tore her last project too and has
torn several pages while learning origami.
In sports, campers throw balls.
Lisa threw a perfect pass earlier and has
thrown many good shots in the games.
Campers wake up early.
Lisa woke at sunrise today and has woken
to bird songs all week.
She wears a blue cap.
She wore it on the hike yesterday and has
worn it every sunny day.
Sometimes homesick campers weep.
A young boy wept last night, but he
hasn't wept since making new friends
.
Lisa loves to win games.
She won the running race today and has
won several competitions this week.
Despite some challenges, Lisa is having a
great time at summer camp, making
memories and learning new skills.
Also, people.
See you soon. . .
Gracias por ver el video.